# Privacy Policy for WiFi Seeker

Last updated: July 16, 2024

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Application and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We do not use Your Personal data. But by using the Application, You agree to the collection of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

* Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
* Application refers to WiFi Seeker, the software program provided by the Company.
* Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to WiFi Seeker.
* Country refers to: Serbia
* Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
* Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
* Service refers to the Application.
* Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
* Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
* You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using Our Application, You do not need to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You.

### Usage Data

Usage Data is not collected automatically when using the Application.

### Information Collected while Using the Application

While using Our Application, in order to provide features of Our Application, We may collect, with Your prior permission:

* Information regarding your location

This information needed to provide features of Our Application. The information will not be uploaded to the Company's servers or a Service Provider's server, but it may be simply stored on Your device.

You can remove this information at any time, through Your Device settings.

## Use of Your Personal Data

The Company do not use Your Personal Data and it is not sent to our servers.

We do not share Your personal information in the following situations.

## Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will not get access to Your Personal Data.

## Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is not processed at the Company's operating offices or in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.

## Delete Your Personal Data

You have the right to delete or request that We assist in deleting the Personal Data that stored on Your device.

You may update, amend, or delete Your information at any time. You may also contact Us to request help you access to, correct, or delete any personal information that stored on Your device.

## Disclosure of Your Personal Data

### Business Transactions

If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

* Comply with a legal obligation
* Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
* Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Application
* Protect the personal safety of Users of the Application or the public
* Protect against legal liability

### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Children's Privacy

Our Application does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Application may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

* By email: atomofiron@gmail.com
